Clicking Explore Insights should not bring you to the /dashboard page 
It should bring up a modal on the same page, with insight cards. 
I have pasted in example content for the cards below:
“Circle IPO is super hot, up 10x from the IPO price”
 “Stablecoins” “RWA” “IPO”
“The first version of the Oya protocol testnet was deployed in June 2024, and the public testnet is coming later this year.”
Quick chat: What is a testnet? 
“At about $0.21 per coin, Dogecoin’s $31 billion market cap in early 2025 was larger than many Fortune 500 companies despite having no supply cap.”
Quick Chat: Supply Cap definition 
Lesson: Tokenomics lesson, different variations of tokenomics, btc tokenomics, eth, burn, etc… 
“The Bhilai hardfork on 1 July 2025 raised Polygon’s block gas limit from 30 million to 45 million, unlocking around 1,000 transactions per second capacity.”
Quick Chat: What is a hardfork? 
Quick Chat: What is a gas limit? 
Update the nav menu in the header to only have 
Survey (does nothing for now) 
Insights (opens insights modal) 
Lessons (goes to lessons page)
The logo on the top left should be clickable and take you to the home/landing page 
Change the title of the site from “CryptoLearn AI” to “OyaChat Demo”
Remove all of the stuff below the “Explore Insights and Start Learning” buttons on the homepage 
This is a prototype to demo, we do not need all of this content. I want to simplify and only have absolutely required components and content which will be demo’d in the 5-10 key user flows. 
Here are the key user flows i want to demo: 
User open the application, clicks on Insights in the top right corner 
User sees insights in a modal, similar to OyaChat site, and can click arrows to move through insights 
User can click on keywords, to open a chat window which automatically starts a chat by explaining the concept 
Use can click on “lesson” button in the chat window to create a lesson  on the concept, if they want to go deeper
User can go to the lessons page, to see a history of their lessons 
User can go to an individual lesson’s page (or modal) to read the entire lesson and 
User can take a quiz after the lesson to confirm their comprehension of the concept
I think you created a backend server and a database
Are these necessary? Lets not use them if we do not have to. 
The only reason i think we may need a server is for the API calls, but if we can handle the API calls with tanstack query, lets do that instead? 
Some of the modals have two “X” buttons, the shadCN modal comes with an X by default, remove the one you manually created 
